Allow platforms to be empty (#468)
KhronosGroup/SYCL-Docs: adoc/chapters/programming_interface.adoc

which SYCL kernel functions may be executed. A SYCL platform must be
associated with a single <<backend>>.

A SYCL [code]#platform# is also associated with any number of SYCL

> [code]#devices# associated with the same <<backend>>. A platform might also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[code]#devices# associated with the same <<backend>>. A platform may
```

bool has(aspect asp) const
----
   a@ Returns true if all of the SYCL [code]#devices# associated with this
      SYCL [code]#platform# have the given <<aspect>>. If the platform does not

>       contain any devices, returns [code]#false#.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      contain any devices.
```

----
   a@ Deprecated, use [code]#has()# instead.

> Returns true if this SYCL [code]#platform# supports the extension queried by the [code]#extension# parameter. A SYCL [code]#platform# can only support an extension if all associated SYCL [code]#devices# support that extension. Returns [code]#false# for a platform that does not contain any devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns [code]#true# if this SYCL [code]#platform# supports the extension queried by the [code]#extension# parameter. A SYCL [code]#platform# can only support an extension if all associated SYCL [code]#devices# support that extension. Returns [code]#false# if this SYCL [code]#platform# does not contain any devices.
```

   a@ Deprecated, use [code]#device::get_info()# with
      [code]#info::device::aspects# instead.

> Returns the extensions supported by the <<platform>>. Returns an empty list if the platform does not contain any devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the extensions supported by this [code]#platform#. Returns an empty list if this [code]#platform# does not contain any devices.
```
